[Music]
[Applause]
hi everybody I'm bill and I'm Ashley and
we are with supplementing calm and we're
doing a review of a new and innovative
weight loss product called Irvingia
press and what makes it so new and
innovative is that a lot of products out
there they're just jam-packed full of
ingredients and this has a very simple
formula of just two ingredients now what
makes it really interesting and great is
that these two ingredients are really
great ingredients you've got the newly
popularized African Mango as well as the
green tea extract that's right and Bill
as you were saying a lot of supplements
sometimes try and stash a lot of
different ingredients into their product
too you know supposedly give you
everything that you need what's nice
about our Avenger press is that there's
just the two ingredients and they're
measured in the precise amount to give
you the maximum weight loss that's
appropriate for your body and the first
one is African Mango and as we know this
is kind of a popular iced by TV
celebrities like Oprah and dr. oz and so
we've heard a lot about this so what
exactly was African Mango do and it
actually can help regulate your leptin
levels your leptin is basically it
stimulates your hunger the higher your
leptin level then we're hungry you are
African Mango can actually decrease that
level and make it so you were less
hungry African Mango also breaks down
your fat cells and allows you to lose
that weight that you want to it's a
really fantastic ingredient that's in a
rigid press yeah now the other
ingredient of course was the green tea
and everybody's you know heard about
that for a long time and the way that it
works is it helps to boost your
metabolism in a big way and it just kind
of makes it essential in any weight loss
product the way that it does that it's
got catechins and phytochemicals and
these are just really powerful
antioxidants that work to boost your
metabolism so that you're actually
burning more calories a study done at
Birmingham University showed that when
people are on the green tea extract
they're actually losing 17% more fat
than somebody on a placebo
it also contains green tea contains
caffeine which is of course going to
boost that energy and also give you that
mental focus during your work that's
right and kind of what you were saying
for they did a study on African Mango as
they did with the green tea and with the
this group of individuals they studied
those who are on the placebo only lost
like five pounds those who actually took
the product lost about twenty eight
pounds that's a huge difference it
really works and says what it what it's
boy that what it's going to do and
basically this is kind of like an
overall supplement it can give you a lot
of great things that you're in need of
including increased metabolism it can
increase your fat burning potential and
also decreases your appetite and
improves your energy level it kind of
gives you that extra boost that you want
just stay with that exercise routine
like how hard is it to get up early in
the morning and stick with it this can
can give you that extra energy that you
want for that
yeah orinda press is one of our favorite
weight loss supplements and as always if
you're looking to pick it up you can
always pick it up at supplementing calm
where you're gonna get the best price
the best customer service and you're
gonna get shipping within 24 business
hours
right now there's actually promotion as
well that if you use the promo code
youtube' during checkout you'll get free
shipping now I just want to mention one
really quick thing about the customer
service is that you can call and ask
them anything you want about a revenger
press but you can also ask what you can
take with or vendor press to get the
absolute best results you can take the
weight off and keep it off and make sure
I should have mentioned this before but
make sure as we do with all of our other
products if you are sensitive to
caffeine be very careful of course you
know you it is safe perfectly safe to
take but those who are not is used to
taking it like a high doses dosage of
caffeine just need to be more more aware
of that and consult their physician
exactly well that's about it for our
review of Irvingia press and thanks for
checking us out and be sure to check us
out in the future for more reviews